Sandy Peresie: comes randall.
Ian: Saying that it was the meeting seems to be happening on a different zoom.
Sandy Peresie: Right, and I think this is the right zoom because this is the one he.
Ian: yeah.
Ian: I think kip and the others are on some other zoom.
Ian: bob's come up now.
bobmcCormack: yeah kip select us with a new new meeting number.
Sandy Peresie: yeah well those that this is the right one.
bobmcCormack: Oh good good good.
Sandy Peresie: This is, this is the one I just clicked on that he that he oh.
Ian: This was the one that email so yeah okay.
yeah.
bobmcCormack: yeah but wasn't in the meeting notice in the.
Sandy Peresie: Well, this one, the one.
Sandy Peresie: In the meeting notice was different.
Ian: I got an email just before and click on it and that's what are you.
Sandy Peresie: hold on no he's not giving us the right link the one you just.
Sandy Peresie: Okay, let him, let him put it in there again because I clicked on it right out of slack.
Ian: I clicked on it out of gmail email notification.
bobmcCormack: Well, the one in the email didn't work for me and the one in his slack message worked.
666199.
Sandy Peresie: I don't know I don't know where he is.
bobmcCormack: yeah because the one on the email ends in three seven to eight.
Sandy Peresie: Okay he's he's saying just a minute.
Sandy Peresie: he's trying to figure out.
Sandy Peresie: What to put in slack.
Sandy Peresie: Because apparently Julian and Andrea and he are all in one and the five of us, or any other one.
So.
let's give them a minute.
Sandy Peresie: Andrea saying the one kip dropped us slack few minutes ago is correct.
Sandy Peresie: That is not the one he dropped in slack.
Sandy Peresie: 917.
Sandy Peresie: I don't know if there's a way to see but meeting number, this is.
Ian: The URL it's on the invite link.
Sandy Peresie: yeah but the the the the URL shows the 94966246199 the meeting number is nine Oh, that is nine four okay.
Sandy Peresie: He said, where should we should be a 91727463728.
Sandy Peresie: that's not already put in slack.
And our.
bobmcCormack: Oh well, I shall leave on it find you and another place, as they say.
Sandy Peresie: All right, all right.
Neil Beesley: So we want zoom us and then that number.
Sandy Peresie: Here, let me put it in the chat copy it into your thing.
Randall Ness: Now kip says he's joining us over here Oh, really.
Randall Ness: Oh here's two oh shoot okay.
Randall Ness: All right, he is connecting back.
Sandy Peresie: wow.
Sandy Peresie: Okay now we're gonna have to meet till 1006.
Randall Ness: yeah yeah.
I was chillin with kip, on the other, channel.
Randall Ness: We were all starting to leave this one and going low for cure.
Randall Ness: there's any three of us over there, so we.
GillianHannington: thought perhaps the right thing to do is join you.
Randall Ness: Well it's kind of funny clips of slack message says might be some zoom ID confusion over attack meeting and then he gives us the same one we were already on rather than yours.
Randall Ness: So yeah that that added to the confusion, yes.
Sandy Peresie: Do we have five before.
Sandy Peresie: Missing left.
Randall Ness: Neil Neil still here.
here.
Sandy Peresie: I wonder if he's not able to get in as leader.
Sandy Peresie: In the one he gave us.
Neil Beesley: seem to be two links that were in the.
Neil Beesley: In the calendar invitation.
Andrea Orth: yeah if you click on one of those links it goes to Google maps for some reason.
Neil Beesley: Oh.
Sandy Peresie: Well, once the infrastructure meeting.
Andrea Orth: that one is the same our.
Sandy Peresie: latest meeting invite.
Randall Ness: My other piece here connected up to the other meeting and I can see the kid looks like he's alone over there.
Andrea Orth: We said we were all going to come over.
here.
Andrea Orth: Unless he's like trying to figure it out or.
Randall Ness: Something.
Andrea Orth: You know what went wrong.
Randall Ness: No call that I can call that meeting and she's like emergency calls.
Sandy Peresie: Oh he's saying randall Bob and Neil are over there and randall Neil, are you signed into two different.
Sandy Peresie: Things.
Neil Beesley: um.
Neil Beesley: I don't think so, but maybe.
Andrea Orth: We still have more numbers over here.
Sandy Peresie: i'm going to ask them to join us here okay.
Sandy Peresie: Let me get the right one.
here.
bobmcCormack: well.
bobmcCormack: folks Bob he's back i've been to the other side and.
bobmcCormack: All I heard was kip moaning or Boston OK.
Sandy Peresie: OK, I told him come back to this line yep So hopefully like I read read did it in the.
Sandy Peresie: In the slack with them so okay.
Neil Beesley: Where did you where did you send the meeting URL.
Sandy Peresie: Oh, I in a personal chat with him.
Randall Ness: But it's the same one that's the same one that's in the.
Sandy Peresie: Geneva Eros thing.
Sandy Peresie: Is you put in Geneva ERS.
Sandy Peresie: yeah.
Randall Ness: bring up the Google maps.
Sandy Peresie: that's weird some weird stuff happened in here.
Randall Ness: randall did you get did you.
Sandy Peresie: Talk to kip over there.
Randall Ness: or yeah I did it, he says he's gonna join us here okay.
Neil Beesley: 949.
GillianHannington: he's having a cup of tea first.
Sandy Peresie: jeopardy jeopardy music.
bobmcCormack: or some.
bobmcCormack: Old army stuff like.
bobmcCormack: Why we way.
Randall Ness: I was thinking yakin sex just me.
hi friends.
Randall Ness: hello, I apologize for executing such a poorly planned.
Meeting.
Kip Twitchell: here's here's my take on what's happened.
Kip Twitchell: there's calendar invites.
Randall Ness: out.
Kip Twitchell: There were a lot probably scheduled when we first.
Kip Twitchell: Created the project.
Kip Twitchell: and go well beyond the.
Kip Twitchell: The date of our planned.
Kip Twitchell: zoom meetings so there wasn't synchronization during the zoom meeting and calendar invite.
Kip Twitchell: So there's still calendar invites out there for.
Kip Twitchell: zoom meetings that no longer are on scheduled meetings, it appears to work with this zoom meeting but it's not an officially scheduled meeting.
Kip Twitchell: sure how long the meeting before so on so forth, because it's not one that's on the official scheduled for Olympia so I made a new zoom meeting created a new calendar invite.
Kip Twitchell: But I don't have any way of calling back holy cow calendar invites that are probably on your calendars.
Kip Twitchell: With the old meeting ids in them.
Sandy Peresie: Okay, so you're suggesting that I think that everybody delete all our calendar invites for Geneva ERS and you can resend it tomorrow.
Kip Twitchell: That sounds like a potential plan to me, yes Andy.
Sandy Peresie: And I think that's a good plan.
Andrea Orth: Thank.
Andrea Orth: You are you wanna i'm not sure how this matter I don't know how this works, since we're not done on girl in peace, but you want a personal plan or a paid plan.
Kip Twitchell: For so so I don't have I have I don't have a I have a personal plan, but i've been doing all my work under the O R amp D ID.
Kip Twitchell: or recordings and those kinds of things.
Andrea Orth: Right i'm just thinking of it matters, the links on the type of account you have.
Andrea Orth: That was mangled English, the link of the meeting is dependent on whether you have a paid or a free account.
Kip Twitchell: yeah and I, so I i've been scheduling everything under the O R amp T account, which is a paid account.
Andrea Orth: Right.
Andrea Orth: Now, and peace.
Andrea Orth: Thank you, how long is this meeting, going to be do we have any idea.
Kip Twitchell: I think I think that this meeting will probably run for the full time I that's my sense is it likely will I don't know for sure, but.
Kip Twitchell: I suspected well.
Neil Beesley: i'm going to delete.
Neil Beesley: All the meetings.
Neil Beesley: Now that we're all together.
Kip Twitchell: Then, Andrea last time I had to I got my host ID where did I go put that in here remember.
Andrea Orth: Oh, it was in your profile.
Kip Twitchell: I can.
Kip Twitchell: So that we can do, sharing.
Kip Twitchell: profile.
Kip Twitchell: Anyway, team thanks for joining.
Kip Twitchell: good to have you here 20 minutes.
Kip Twitchell: To have you.
Kip Twitchell: Have you on our call today hope you're all doing well.
Kip Twitchell: i'm our meeting invite are we, we went through the.
Kip Twitchell: issues on the Geneva ERS.
Kip Twitchell: Issues Community issues lists.
Kip Twitchell: Over the last couple of days to kind of.
Kip Twitchell: turned out those that we wanted to talk through.
Kip Twitchell: Today we had.
Kip Twitchell: suggested in there was some discussion about our documentation approach randall asked with eugene's absence tonight out on vacation if we might defer our documentation discussion.
Kip Twitchell: To the next time just allowing him to weigh in.
Andrea Orth: as well.
Kip Twitchell: i'll let you ponder that for a minute and other other meeting agenda items we had where the workbench password removal proposals, there have been some email activity about, we have a project blog update do for all empty end of this week that I drafted some material on this week.
Kip Twitchell: Last week last two weeks ago we didn't get to talk about a Wikipedia entry, which might be good for us to make updates to that.
Kip Twitchell: Particularly with with our proposal for next month, perhaps becoming a project, we still have some discussion around good first issues which.
Kip Twitchell: is tied to our blog entry, because this will be a bit of a boost for the blog post on own P may drive a little bit more activity, so we want to have some good good pieces around that and I think the other agenda item would be our repo and and our ci progress on things.
Kip Twitchell: Any.
Kip Twitchell: Any sense any comments on the proposed agenda now.
Ian: sounds cool.
Ian: eugene has seen the sides, by the way, and he's quite happy with it, but yeah that's fine.
Kip Twitchell: Okay, well, maybe we could put that at the tail end and if we get around to it and we could come back to that if that's okay.
Kip Twitchell: Okay.
Kip Twitchell: How about if we start.
Kip Twitchell: On the on the password removal activity to.
Kip Twitchell: Some emails have been going around and and.
Kip Twitchell: And if that has a linkage, I think, for the CIA, I think both of those seemed to me to be high priority for us to get her is that.
Ian: Basically, the the way in which we currently do passwords within the workbench.
Ian: will not be blessed by the ci process.
Ian: We use an algorithm.
Ian: to encrypt and install the password within.
Ian: Your local machine.
Ian: And this is a big, no, no, in terms of ci.
Ian: If you do have to store passwords, then what you should do is not actually store the password itself is still a hashtag version of the password using ideally the be crypt mechanism which i've investigated and kind of make work.
Ian: So.
Ian: it's a one way thing so you've not actually store the password you are just verifying that the user enters when the user enters the password it is in fact the password he entered last time.
Ian: But my proposal is to just not store passwords whatsoever.
Ian: and make the thing connect into the workbench database, just as if you were using pecan.
Ian: So you log in.
Ian: I don't see any benefit and actually storing the password.
Ian: Then there's a second level password.
Ian: That is the one that is used within the workbench itself, not the database connection it's the workbench password.
Ian: And that is used for.
Ian: The ancient purposes of whole that group.
Ian: group dynamics and protecting certain areas.
Ian: Which is all.
Ian: Painful set of code that's in the current workbench and I don't believe is necessary if we treat the workbench think of the workbench purely as an editor.
Ian: You can start the world with a set of workbench xml files import them.
Ian: Do whatever you want to do to them is if it was if, as if you were in visual studio code you'll take a bunch of source files edit them finishing what you're editing they have them put them into.
Ian: the likes of github or whatever source code repository and go and we if we treat our web mentioned the same mechanism.
Ian: Then.
Ian: We don't need any passwords whatsoever, he just log in to your stuff save your files and log out.
Ian: log out to disconnect.
Ian: And the fact that there's a database on the other end is just a kind of a a persistence mechanism if sharing mechanism and just leave it at that.
Kip Twitchell: Okay, in thanks for that summary, let me, let me restate just a little bit to make sure that we're on the same page right there's two levels of password we have the database connectivity password.
Kip Twitchell: Which your proposal is that, instead of us storing that in some way we simply use.
Kip Twitchell: We allow users to type that in and connect to the database with nothing stored in in the workbench.
Kip Twitchell: there's really no loss, if I understand correctly there's no loss of functionality in that it's simply a change in the way the workbench was originally written.
Kip Twitchell: For us to do that there's no real security implications for doing that because the user has to have some way of logging into the environment, some sort of authorization for the environment is that an okay summary.
Ian: yeah, the only thing you do lose is currently you can open it up click the button and login because it's remembered your password.
Ian: And it you saves you're typing it saves you a few keystrokes.
Yes.
Kip Twitchell: But.
Kip Twitchell: That requires some work on our part in order to do that so loss of that may be appropriate to move forward in.
Kip Twitchell: Inner development tool.
Andrea Orth: yeah well it's destined for the commercial product is that the commercial side could develop single sign on.
Kip Twitchell: Yes.
Kip Twitchell: It could consider them.
Kip Twitchell: And that could be a discussion and are you making it right with our existing customers as well about.
Kip Twitchell: yeah options available on that side of things.
Andrea Orth: yeah right since authentication it's changed a lot since.
Andrea Orth: The workbench was developed.
Kip Twitchell: But that would be that may be dependent upon customers in their environments and what they would like us to do in that in that respect.
Andrea Orth: yeah.
Andrea Orth: But it's so commonplace that my enterprise.
Ian: single sign on to the mainframe.
Ian: With your.
Ian: Eight character password, and this is really a Ts or ID that it's storing.
Andrea Orth: My experience a single sign on is usually Microsoft like ll.
Ian: yeah yeah but your mainframe.
Randall Ness: it's your tier so password.
stored.
Andrea Orth: um well depends, where the database is going to sit down the.
Andrea Orth: mainframe term, it could be any platform.
Andrea Orth: But.
Andrea Orth: You could put it on a Linux based system.
Ian: that's true and that's where it will be for Viacom eventually I see.
Andrea Orth: But yeah you're correct I did yeah.
Kip Twitchell: I think.
Randall Ness: I think in terms of meeting our short term.
goals.
Kip Twitchell: i'm inclined to follow ins course for the first instance, and then we could make it more.
Kip Twitchell: Complex or read the sickness.
Kip Twitchell: If there's.
Kip Twitchell: needs for that relative to the DSL.
Randall Ness: password.
Kip Twitchell: For just a minute, this time I.
Kip Twitchell: sent other feelings about that.
Randall Ness: I guess I seem to be missing something so so Ian with your suggestion was that, under the assumption that we would all be using our own individual databases, or would we still have the same concept of no passwords for the shared database.
Ian: For the shared as well yeah you'd have a login it would know who you are.
Ian: But you.
Ian: shared database, you have to log in you have to make your connection to the mainframe, but you have to enter the password for that.
Kip Twitchell: I have to be authorized randall St Louis read, I have to be authorized as a as a lead, before we were using to be to I have to be authorized as a db to use her and enter my password to connect it.
Randall Ness: To db to which.
Kip Twitchell: may be my tsh password.
Kip Twitchell: In, but it could be it's basically a bb to authorization isn't it.
Ian: It is the.
Ian: way that it's currently done.
Ian: An SP 13 or whatever that.
Ian: uses your rock F ID the fact that you've connected in urine.
Ian: Because there's an external authorization managed in some magic way that I don't understand Bob understand that stuff.
bobmcCormack: it's under the covers apart from being a tsa user ID that user ID has been given grant.
bobmcCormack: Access to the specific database.
as well.
Kip Twitchell: Yes, randall didn't answer your question.
Randall Ness: yeah yeah Thank you.
Kip Twitchell: So we're just suggesting that you're going.
Randall Ness: That.
Kip Twitchell: Users will have to type that password in.
Kip Twitchell: When they're presented with.
Kip Twitchell: The current workbench.
Ian: that's Part One
Kip Twitchell: that's Part One
Okay.
Kip Twitchell: Then, if we go to Part two
Kip Twitchell: there's the all the internal.
Randall Ness: Geneva ERS.
Kip Twitchell: Security capability capabilities which i'm not i'm not sure are they utilized.
Kip Twitchell: Much anymore for determining environments, you can get to and metadata you can update and that sort of thing.
Ian: One of our customers uses them on they still have them in the commercial version, not the have currently got but going ahead, do we really want that I don't know.
Andrea Orth: I don't think so because get will handle that in.
Andrea Orth: The future as part of the build process.
Ian: That there is, I was talking to.
Ian: sandy earlier.
That.
Ian: that there will be the way we might currently manage things.
Ian: it's kind of awkward in that.
We don't have.
Ian: Guaranteed consistency between laws in different views, etc, because it does not exist as an entity and its own right.
Kip Twitchell: Let me, let me restate that in another way of thinking about this is, we have.
Kip Twitchell: we've recognized that building a source code management inside of the ERS is a high bar for.
Randall Ness: us.
Kip Twitchell: To try to do.
Kip Twitchell: And so, over time, we have recognized relying upon an external source code management tool using gv ERS xml is a more pleasant more cost effective means to get to true.
Kip Twitchell: source code management changes and so these feature sets engineer vrs they're 20 years old i've been declining in use, because we're moving more and more towards using external tooling for source code management is that an okay way of saying.
Ian: yeah it is, but the problem is that our packaging of the xml.
Ian: is not helpful in in the sense of you can create a view that uses a la one and I created a view that uses LM one and we're happy we both got our individual.
Ian: views, but then, when someone someone one of us changes they'll one and change it to that when the data sets might change buying your view may not no longer work.
But you don't know.
Ian: That your lie is still in your context, not mine and you don't know that it's changed necessarily.
Kip Twitchell: Yes, and that would be true.
Kip Twitchell: In for any source code management tool that contains a structure of some kind right.
Kip Twitchell: sure.
Ian: To but if.
Ian: If the alarm was was an entity on its own.
Ian: Then i've changed the law and you get to see that it's changed in the source code and when you build your thing.
Ian: you'll see all of that it was no different to what it was the last time you used it, but we haven't got that mechanism.
Andrea Orth: might be a good approach down the road.
Ian: yeah when we get a language well, that will be what it'll be but we we that's a stepping stone along the way, is to just.
Ian: have to understand what you've what you're dealing with.
Kip Twitchell: yeah no I agree to your point there right it's a it's a it's something we would certainly want to fix in the language aspect of building a new interface.
Kip Twitchell: But you're suggesting in the short run.
Kip Twitchell: Are by eliminating by not mean I guess Are you suggesting we wouldn't maintain the Security Code in the current workbench around these kinds of things that not necessarily removed that code.
Kip Twitchell: conversion.
Ian: That the the prompt for doing this is the password.
Ian: If if we want to retain this then we're going to have to put the password management system by storing be encrypted password in the database, so that.
Ian: it's not visible and no one can see what your password is the argument when you look at the when you do some reading by the The argument is that.
Ian: you're lazy and we'll use the same password everywhere, so if I create a system where it's easy to get your password I have now given, given the world access to your password for everything.
Yes.
Ian: So.
Kip Twitchell: But, but so if I if I just took it and roll that forward right your suggestion is that we would disable the prompt for the password in the current workbench.
Kip Twitchell: And by doing that it.
Kip Twitchell: Would disable this set of code from doing much is that a reasonable thing yeah.
Ian: You just don't need the protection things at all effectively everywhere, you would be an administrator.
Kip Twitchell: feelings about that.
Randall Ness: yeah I kind of wish Michael were on this call, Michael Shapiro understands how one of our clients is using this these features and i'm wondering how they would feel about losing these features.
Ian: they're not losing them because they don't have dispersion.
Randall Ness: Well yeah that's true, I guess, I was thinking that this should be.
Randall Ness: Sufficient sufficiently general enough to be able to handle new users and the existing users, but maybe that's too.
Randall Ness: But.
Ian: we're also taking out things like copy.
reports.
Randall Ness: Well, you know that's true you got a point there got me.
Randall Ness: got.
Ian: So, if we take those at the end of last that's.
Facility.
Kip Twitchell: I mean basically we're where we are breaking the rule of backwards compatibility right.
Randall Ness: And this is another.
Kip Twitchell: it's another instance of that not the first, but a second instance of that random.
Ian: But my my email was was.
Ian: That we.
Ian: We changed the whole view of what the workbench is.
Ian: The workbench is really an editor.
Kip Twitchell: Well, I want to, but but to that point and I still think there's value we have this discussion, a few months ago right it's there has, we have feedback that there's.
Kip Twitchell: That there is value in a workbench like interface for specifying Geneva ERS and we don't want to throw out the baby with the bathwater.
Kip Twitchell: going to a luxury is the right thing.
Kip Twitchell: So we want to maintain the editor capability, the workbench, but I can certainly see value in simplifying that code base particularly these kinds of aligners.
Kip Twitchell: tasks that are headed in it.
Ian: Even if we went to align which I think would be nice to have a facility, where you could graphically sure what that language was doing for you.
Kip Twitchell: Yes, and I could envision you know, we do have cases where customers have built simplified view creation processes for business, the workbench provides a basis for perhaps enhancing and building more of that, so there are use cases we've seen in the past for that sort of thing sure.
Andrea Orth: I have some questions and a comment so regarding that particular commercial customer i'm.
Andrea Orth: i'm all code has to go through modern SEM.
Andrea Orth: So.
Having that customer.
Andrea Orth: use.
Andrea Orth: A modern SEM is something they're already trained to do they're used to doing this is we just add.
Andrea Orth: It would just change.
Andrea Orth: To the workbench not handling that.
Andrea Orth: um so my questions are Is anybody capturing some of this stuff for like ideas to maybe later put in the commercial product or design points down the road, other than i'm not sure meeting minutes is really the best place.
Andrea Orth: For these things.
Andrea Orth: And if we make a decision, where is that going to get captured That way we always have some place to reference it.
Sandy Peresie: Design decisions there's an issue out there, I can't remember what number, it is, but it's under Community so if we make a decision here, we should have captured there and I think there is a future enhancements issue out there as well.
Kip Twitchell: We also do have the issue under which we're discussing this right today.
Kip Twitchell: For today's meeting which would provide us a basis for document in.
Kip Twitchell: The past workbench pass more password removal purpose.
Kip Twitchell: to your point Andrea it was.
Kip Twitchell: to capture.
Kip Twitchell: The specifically under that I think.
Kip Twitchell: So what's our sense, how do we move forward.
Kip Twitchell: On this too we consider a tentative approval, pending a bit of more feedback from the extended community.
Randall Ness: i'd be comfortable with just approving it do we need to actually I mean do we have a vote, or do we need to schedule a vote or what well.
Kip Twitchell: Like you know I had randall you were the one that asked for.
Kip Twitchell: Michael feedback, but if you feel.
Kip Twitchell: comfortable where we're moving in.
Randall Ness: that's that's.
Kip Twitchell: helpful feeling.
Randall Ness: I said that before you reminded me that we're already changing this and diverging from the the client workbench so I retract my concern good.
Kip Twitchell: Thank you for them.
Kip Twitchell: So.
Kip Twitchell: team anyone that's a computer on.
Kip Twitchell: That we have a proposal.
and
Andrea Orth: What specifically, are we going to do.
Kip Twitchell: Is we're going to to.
Andrea Orth: Two proposals and.
Kip Twitchell: I would suggest we.
Kip Twitchell: We propose two things one.
Kip Twitchell: That we have to type in.
Kip Twitchell: Our our database.
Kip Twitchell: password access, rather than having it stored in the workbench and to that we disable the safford Geneva.
Kip Twitchell: Work password prompt which disables the security features for my.
Kip Twitchell: grading and and such inside the database.
Kip Twitchell: And look to the editor to become more of just a something that takes in xml edits and and exports xml for storage someplace else.
Kip Twitchell: Is that an okay summary.
Kip Twitchell: Do I have a proposal that we should go for that.
GillianHannington: Well, I approve.
Kip Twitchell: Okay, so.
Kip Twitchell: Any any any of those in favor say Aye.
Kip Twitchell: Aye.
Kip Twitchell: Any disapproval.
Kip Twitchell: Okay, in.
Kip Twitchell: Central work day starting, could I ask you to update that issue.
Kip Twitchell: With that summary.
Kip Twitchell: issue number.
Kip Twitchell: 2999 yep.
Kip Twitchell: So that we can then.
Ian: We can possible I will do it makes me think of gets matson was the here that whatever like.
Ian: 9999 shows my age isn't it yep.
Kip Twitchell: Excellent.
Kip Twitchell: Thank you for them.
Kip Twitchell: We talk about.
Kip Twitchell: briefly.
Kip Twitchell: I did get approval from.
Kip Twitchell: Mr Murray tech on.
Kip Twitchell: populating directly into our repo phones.
Kip Twitchell: And where we're at on source code.
Kip Twitchell: source code publishing to the repositories what's our sense on that.
Randall Ness: I can tell you one thing kept regarding the performance engine Bob is waiting on me to come up with some.
Randall Ness: specification of which exact modules end up in the final product for Geneva ERS versus staffers so i'm kind of a bottleneck at the moment i'm hoping to get to that soon i'm currently working on some clients specific issues, but should be able to get to that soon okay.
GillianHannington: Also, I was going to say on that I I spot just this week that there is a bit of work to be done.
GillianHannington: So we have some code that that reads DVD VI VI Sam and then which needs to be cleaned up before we can deliver.
Kip Twitchell: migrate, we wanted to get yeah we want to disable that in person.
GillianHannington: yeah there was a piece of code that I hadn't spotted earlier and that needs cleaning up yeah.
Okay.
Ian: In terms of the Java world, I have three repositories, namely the when i've called the front end which is.
Ian: What will be Mr.
Ian: The flow analyze the lt print all done through Java.
Ian: The workbench and the test framework.
Ian: And the role.
Ian: pretty much ready to go i've i've integrated the business of.
Ian: it's called rock the.
Ian: order to release audit tool is what rat stands for.
Ian: i've integrated that into the griddle builds for these things and.
Ian: Hopefully we can make that happen, they.
Okay.
Kip Twitchell: In so you're aware, we created the workbench repository yeah and.
Kip Twitchell: The and made the competitors there, we also have our seat for run control.
Kip Twitchell: Which is SP.
Ian: yep.
Kip Twitchell: test the test area.
Ian: They will be the three target areas, I guess, we can put them in.
Ian: My profile proposal is that.
Ian: We currently have things in an IBM github.
Ian: And we're just going to draw a line in the sand and take the head and lose the issues on the history, because if you.
Ian: Keep the issues and the history, then you're going to get all the IBM stuff.
Ian: So it will be a greenfield.
Ian: We just have to make another last check to make sure that it's all TD Bu and doesn't have customer reference things in there, I spent quite a bit of time cleaning up our test framework and making sure that none of the views that we use for tests were in fact customer views.
Ian: And do all that again.
Kip Twitchell: Can I ask is there would be a time when we could delete the rubbish and rubbish to.
bobmcCormack: that's my job, keep that was a test of moving from IBM get to.
bobmcCormack: Geneva ERS to say how it all worked, and the same to go through Okay, we just need to tweak it so that we we go in, as in mentioned claim, with no one.
bobmcCormack: Another other branches.
bobmcCormack: No issue, so we just go in Nice and clean Tom i'm up for cleaning up rubbish rubbish to.
Kip Twitchell: Thank you for that.
Kip Twitchell: So let me, let me put a bit finer point on this okay.
Kip Twitchell: i'm going to go on to the gv ERS website I I drafted today a.
Kip Twitchell: blog post.
Kip Twitchell: For our project updating goals the.
Kip Twitchell: Only NPs ps4.
Kip Twitchell: could show you this briefly as well under own pee on the blog posts they put out a little while ago news blonde they took our blog post from a few months ago.
Kip Twitchell: On this so January 27 This was our they just took our content from last June.
Kip Twitchell: July and there they posted that they want to do an update for that so that's what we're.
Kip Twitchell: drafted today the areas that I drafted.
Kip Twitchell: talked about march 15 that we're we're working hard to celebrate this milestone, by becoming a full fledged product under the Linux foundation's.
Kip Twitchell: I then give a few points as to what we have achieved created the Community, including website get repose email list getting started guide help twice.
Kip Twitchell: A month technical Steering Committee is open to all and infrastructure meeting worked with Viacom infinity to create shared user environment.
Kip Twitchell: Remove software components in compatible with an open source community and prepared for a major code releases fleshed out architectural decisions for the coming intermediate term.
Kip Twitchell: And provided leadership per broader Olympia initiatives like the ozzy.
Kip Twitchell: Initiative, our proposals are to release the workbench run control performance engine code basis to get hub began converting the dvr yes documentation to get home.
Kip Twitchell: and continue to explore the deeper the Apache spark integration, I spent a month more on Apache spark sandy's comment back was probably needs to be refined a little bit more not quite clear.
Kip Twitchell: I did that simply because I think it's one of our better marketing messages that attracts other parties to participation.
Kip Twitchell: The last thing they suggested is how do we become involved i've listed our daily scrum call and our onboarding document.
Kip Twitchell: i'd also like to go through and get over the next couple of days, a bit more details on our.
Kip Twitchell: Potential first case issues for initial issues.
Kip Twitchell: Which right now they're not really somebody would read them and they wouldn't know what to do with them in some respects, we have to get to a point of code.
Kip Twitchell: That you could point to that somebody could do something with the code so there's a there's a bit of and I don't know if we'll get the Stan by the end of the week or not, but we need to increase our documentation and our issues to create opportunities for people to to work independently.
Kip Twitchell: For example, if we had the sample performance engine acl somebody could start looking at policy definitely and see how to.
Kip Twitchell: How to work on that editing the improving the website and that one's not too hard to figure out what to do there if we want someone who happens to know groovy cradle or other tooling we'd have to give them a bit more about what What would the prospects be in that space so.
Kip Twitchell: Anyway, that the I guess the major point of this is that you know we're kind of making a stand here.
Kip Twitchell: Proposing to be a full fledged project project first of March are we feeling.
Kip Twitchell: Confident we said two weeks ago we review that again, are we feeling confident in that.
Kip Twitchell: Now, with the two weeks behind us.
bobmcCormack: Well we've got several things here keep one is the movement of the debris pros Ian is close to moving his three the framework, the test and the front end Mr naughty one.
bobmcCormack: So we could move those across to a private external github and then john Murray tech give it its blessing, the next one is the performance engine we've.
Kip Twitchell: Just let me correct, I think we have permission from john to go straight into our Geneva urs repos and he can bless them there.
bobmcCormack: But as private or public there.
Kip Twitchell: I think that we'd probably be okay, he didn't specify.
Kip Twitchell: So I don't know that that's an issue at this point, I think he trusts us enough okay.
bobmcCormack: So okay we'll go public so.
bobmcCormack: And then the performance engine.
bobmcCormack: At the moment, we've got it in github internal and we need to plane massage remove and update so there's a bit that's more than a week's work of.
bobmcCormack: stuffing around and then providing a provider a nascent build process which is half done in that we can do a get clone disaster in USS and then we can load the disaster data sets from the USS but we just got to build the.
bobmcCormack: assembly, cobalt and link at it so that's still in progress that will take a bit of time, but initially you're I think within but there's a match 15 you're saying the date.
Kip Twitchell: Well, so it would be just looking specifically right two weeks from today is march 9 would be Tuesday night attack meeting would be Thursday march 11.
Kip Twitchell: Okay, that would be the one that we would be approved on if we were targeting something before March 15.
bobmcCormack: or on a bit tied to the performance engine.
Randall Ness: We have something we could have something there for.
sure.
bobmcCormack: Possibly could even be built, but.
Kip Twitchell: Well, and I think up to that to that point, the thing that we're going to be.
Kip Twitchell: Looking that's going to be queried right.
Kip Twitchell: will be if I think of attack members they're going to go out to our github.
Kip Twitchell: sites and look at our repulse.
Kip Twitchell: Look at.
Kip Twitchell: The code basis yep I don't think they may ask a question about builds processes yeah we could be honest in that saying hey we're.
Kip Twitchell: we're just about.
Kip Twitchell: There in those processes, we.
Kip Twitchell: have the ability to give people modules.
Kip Twitchell: As as they request they can't build on their own, but we're.
Kip Twitchell: So i'm not I take that as letting them judge whether we're a full fledged product.
bobmcCormack: or not a.
Kip Twitchell: project or not, if that was something if that was kind of one of the few things that I don't think there's any shame in asking.
bobmcCormack: I guess my point there.
bobmcCormack: And the last item is that the badge the ci badge as it stands.
bobmcCormack: In Connie went through some of the issues with.
bobmcCormack: me.
bobmcCormack: Last week, and I call I think at the moment we're we're green there sorry we were, we would meet the green level that is the basic entry level badge.
bobmcCormack: So the all the buttons are green so if given our discussion with the password today in the vote i'll press the button for submit to go ahead and get a entry level ci badge.
Kip Twitchell: I think that sounds excellent.
Kip Twitchell: Let me, let me share here just a second all right.
Kip Twitchell: Just to be more clear on this, if we go through the checklist in the.
Randall Ness: In the tasc.
Kip Twitchell: folder under Community.
Kip Twitchell: I think the the things that we're.
Kip Twitchell: Looking project intake.
Kip Twitchell: Right we're this one is one that's outstanding So this was the original list from.
Kip Twitchell: to become a project, so you should be working on this, you just highlighted right there that.
Randall Ness: And then graduation.
Kip Twitchell: see a badge achieved.
Kip Twitchell: committed to diversity established which, I think.
Kip Twitchell: We.
Kip Twitchell: could say with with the multiple Community participants, we have.
Kip Twitchell: would be the other piece of that.
Kip Twitchell: This would be something that john protect us to address for the data analytics.
Kip Twitchell: Active stage, we have to complete a proposal process have to mentors from at least two organizations core infrastructure badge for time we talked about that project governance process is established publicly said project adopters effort at least the primary week but we'll have to discuss.
Randall Ness: That because our.
Kip Twitchell: customers.
Randall Ness: I don't know about their.
Kip Twitchell: their willingness to be public.
Kip Twitchell: So I don't know how firm that requirement is.
Kip Twitchell: Complete a code licensing scan.
Kip Twitchell: This again would be once we.
Kip Twitchell: Get the code out there we've done that once with our code.
Kip Twitchell: we'd have to have somebody that would represent us.
Randall Ness: On the attack.
Kip Twitchell: And we have to have a supermajority on the tech.
To be moved to a project status.
Kip Twitchell: Okay.
Kip Twitchell: But any other comments Bob was very helpful in terms of your response.
Kip Twitchell: There other.
Kip Twitchell: Things you know about this.
Good.
bobmcCormack: yeah it's just the practicalities of it, so the full reprise to get across.
Randall Ness: and
bobmcCormack: A nascent bill process so they're the things i'd look at and three of them and that ian's been working on look like they're ready to.
bobmcCormack: travel across once he's happy.
Randall Ness: And then.
bobmcCormack: Just all the the due diligence on the performance engine source code so.
bobmcCormack: But.
Randall Ness: I think we could do it by March the 15th or sorry March the ninth.
Randall Ness: So suppose that we.
Kip Twitchell: push it sounds to me like a close enough.
Kip Twitchell: there's no reason for us not to with bloggers, for it.
Kip Twitchell: To push and see if.
Kip Twitchell: We can do it, would you.
Kip Twitchell: Where would everyone agree with that.
Kip Twitchell: proposal.
Kip Twitchell: Is that a good producers are some risk.
Kip Twitchell: first attempt.
Randall Ness: i'd like to clarify a little bit about what the build process needs to look at Bob you were mentioning unix system services, but at least for the short term.
Randall Ness: couldn't we just say let's leave the build process just the way it is except for where it gets the source code like right now it's getting the source code from rtc but.
Randall Ness: For initial cut we could just say switch that initial piece of the build process to instead get it from github and then maybe as a first step, try to rebuild everything using.
Randall Ness: Using the local github and see if everything still works and then, once we're satisfied with that and we've cleaned up the code in the stuff that's going to move to the public github then.
Randall Ness: That move stuff out to the public github change the pointers in our building process and then just keep doing the bill just the way we are.
Randall Ness: And that's something I think that's doable in the short term and then over time, then make it more generic so that other people could do the same thing.
Kip Twitchell: randall and if I were presenting to attack I would be clear about where we are on the build processes, and I would say, but listen we've had.
Kip Twitchell: we've had.
Kip Twitchell: People join our community, we have established an environment external to our development, environment, we have ways of putting out modules that are based upon the source code.
Kip Twitchell: To those environments and can continue to work with that so it's not that we don't have built processes and build processes which are using this code.
Kip Twitchell: it's that the bill processes don't aren't necessarily automated fully for using this code at this point, and if that holds us back i'm okay with without holding us back if that's what they felt was was needed, but I think we're close enough that it, it makes sense for us to try.
Ian: Our current process.
Ian: Is all.
Ian: built forge related and that's a proprietary system.
Kip Twitchell: That.
Ian: i've been all public builds.
Randall Ness: that's.
Kip Twitchell: that's right and and I would make that clear.
Kip Twitchell: That it's not public, but we can deliver.
Kip Twitchell: Public modules from from the team so that's my point.
Ian: We were, I think we need to have some sort of.
Ian: target documentation as well, so that time T zero where you make this thing.
Randall Ness: available.
Ian: To the general world, but the state of play is.
Ian: Clear.
Ian: And what we want help on.
Ian: Or what you're intending to do I fix the build process, one of the CIA things talks about continuous integration.
Ian: We don't really do that and we don't have a mechanism to do it just yet.
Ian: And I don't really understand how that.
Randall Ness: works, you feed into.
Ian: A Jenkins world or something so that whenever.
Ian: Something changes it triggers an automatic build at the end of the day.
Ian: We used to have things like that in a previous company you was all held together like Keith Robinson thing with sticky tape and scripts and what have you but it's all hugely more organized nowadays.
Kip Twitchell: well.
Kip Twitchell: And on that to that point I just did a little video they put out on Geneva uris on polycephalum project, and I posted in the slack channel.
Kip Twitchell: from his that would be someplace in that I would look to see if there's some value in a moment that automation of that process it policy definitely would would provide us an open that space sure, but that's a longer term discussion.
Ian: yeah there are still there still a massive amount of work to be done because we don't really have.
Ian: A Java Ram on it, one, we have to rely on this, that the the c++ executable I think randall and I decided the other day that we would not actually release the c++ code.
Ian: We.
Ian: would just.
rely on the executable.
Ian: gotten our rationale now ramble.
But.
Randall Ness: There were.
Randall Ness: Two and well, I think we had several reasons we said, certainly it's not what we want to have for the future, and we are in the process of rebuilding everything in Java so sometime in the next.
Randall Ness: few months we think there may be a Java Amor 91, and so we didn't want to confuse the issue by giving them the c++ number 91 two and then also there were things in the c++ program that we didn't feel like we wanted to go back and fix if we didn't need to.
Ian: Yes, and it also yeah and it doesn't do.
Randall Ness: Some things that.
Randall Ness: Maybe we'll.
Ian: wanted to yeah and it and it's also called buried in it.
Ian: Some of the facilities, we.
Randall Ness: don't want.
Ian: Like.
Ian: A hard copy and the.
Randall Ness: lot sort of stuff and.
Kip Twitchell: Let me add one more thing.
Randall Ness: kept kept before you before you get started, just one one last thing about here's The other reason, in that we wanted to delay doing that you said it would take you quite a bit to set up a build process externally, for us to get that working.
Randall Ness: Less and less and we said that your time is better spent, making the Java, Mr 91 work than trying to get the c++ or 91 to work external yes.
Ian: that's true.
Kip Twitchell: Okay, let me, let me ask this question.
Randall Ness: team.
Randall Ness: I don't know.
Randall Ness: I.
Kip Twitchell: There will be some.
Kip Twitchell: level of.
Kip Twitchell: What.
Kip Twitchell: Of.
Kip Twitchell: Attention that comes to us as we come.
Kip Twitchell: become a full fledged.
Kip Twitchell: Product project.
Randall Ness: I don't know how large that will be okay.
Kip Twitchell: So, but there.
Kip Twitchell: There will be some level of that so would we be better pushing out further becoming a full fledged project to April or something of that sort, or.
Kip Twitchell: Should we.
Kip Twitchell: Should we get feedback from the.
Randall Ness: Technical advisory.
Kip Twitchell: committee about what their expectations are, if you look briefly at the.
Randall Ness: At the.
Kip Twitchell: Online piece.
Kip Twitchell: side the.
Kip Twitchell: Number of full fledge projects is not very many see all the incubation projects well there's only is really the mentorship program and addy.
Kip Twitchell: So this isn't a well trodden path for projects, you know MP.
Kip Twitchell: would say.
Ian: has been run for sorry till seven has been around for quite a while now and it's much more mature than we are, we are taking off first steps, and if it was released as a hey look where we are in office steps coming joining us.
Ian: mechanism and.
Randall Ness: that's fine.
GillianHannington: I think we should push it out, because I, I think the documentation is is pretty important, I think that.
GillianHannington: If people are going to look at this it's very hard to understand like we need some.
GillianHannington: I think we need to improve our documentation a bit more and and and what's made me think about this is so i'm reviewing the error messages at the minute and we're.
GillianHannington: Trying to put them in all the error messages in a in a spreadsheet so we can create.
Randall Ness: documentation from it and.
Randall Ness: I just think it be better if we.
GillianHannington: If we had something better in that.
Randall Ness: In that area to put out.
Kip Twitchell: that's good seat.
Kip Twitchell: Jillian other feelings.
Randall Ness: Well, I guess it's just a clarification I guess the reason we were wanting to hit this deadline was so that we could.
Randall Ness: piggyback on the 25th anniversary of the death of the mainframe thing and then gets more exposure that way is that the main reason we're trying to hit this deadline.
Kip Twitchell: yeah that's.
Kip Twitchell: There was a bit there was a bit of.
Kip Twitchell: ability to.
Randall Ness: get some attention but.
Kip Twitchell: To you know we don't want to.
Randall Ness: disappoint either.
Right.
Kip Twitchell: Having someone able to do something as they become involved is.
Kip Twitchell: Important when you do these you don't.
Kip Twitchell: You don't get multiple chances to get people to.
Randall Ness: Come back to your website.
Kip Twitchell: If the first time it's not successful for them right.
yeah.
GillianHannington: Which is actually why I think.
Randall Ness: Some good documentation is.
GillianHannington: is valuable because if.
GillianHannington: If people look at this and it's quite complex and don't know what to do and.
GillianHannington: This is the snow like maybe use a guide or step by step, how to get started with this.
Randall Ness: People are just not going to look at it.
Randall Ness: i'm leaning towards delaying.
Randall Ness: Okay.
Kip Twitchell: Andrea sandy.
Randall Ness: Any feelings from you know Jeff.
Andrea Orth: i'm fine with the Lang but.
Andrea Orth: i'd like to have it captured.
Andrea Orth: What the gaps are so.
Andrea Orth: Make sure to address them.
Sandy Peresie: I mean.
Sandy Peresie: The the anniversary is after the tech meeting.
Randall Ness: So if you if you, you know.
Randall Ness: You could suggest that the.
Sandy Peresie: You became a projects, you know at the tech meeting directly after that.
Sandy Peresie: You know, which would be April, so I do take your point about not wanting to disappoint I think if somebody comes out and tries to.
Sandy Peresie: get this information and use it.
Sandy Peresie: If they don't have if it's very confusing they're not coming back, and so I think it's probably.
Sandy Peresie: wise to.
Sandy Peresie: push it off as well.
Neil Beesley: My.
Neil Beesley: My thoughts are.
Randall Ness: The agreement with you that the.
Neil Beesley: People don't come back very easily if they look at something in it.
Neil Beesley: They don't like like it first time they look at it, even though it looks 1000 times better next.
Neil Beesley: Year.
Randall Ness: I mean we.
Neil Beesley: talked about build.
Randall Ness: But.
Neil Beesley: Maybe even more than this is just a.
Neil Beesley: Personal.
Neil Beesley: Be in the corner.
Neil Beesley: Even more than build is to be.
Neil Beesley: able to.
Neil Beesley: download the executable files and a canned example of the data can and xml views and say.
Randall Ness: run this.
Neil Beesley: And that's what's.
Randall Ness: going to happen.
Neil Beesley: Like a use case.
Neil Beesley: I like very simple.
Ian: If we have something an example thing on our bike on site that people could go to.
Ian: and generate things from the likes of Virginia data.
Ian: That will be great.
Neil Beesley: But that's what they have to do, though, isn't it.
Ian: Well, and not a can think.
Neil Beesley: there's an example yeah yeah.
Ian: How to do something.
Ian: Using that data or even our green sock database, but the.
Ian: Green soft databases.
pretty poor.
Kip Twitchell: So let me suggest in it good good discussion.
Kip Twitchell: it's important for us do the work that we've the additional work we've outlined here right is not small amount of work.
Kip Twitchell: it's important for us to continue to push ourselves.
Randall Ness: To try to get this get.
Kip Twitchell: To the points that we're talking about here i'd like to propose then we're not talking about multi month delay that we're talking about one month delay and let's continue to focus ourselves, our focus is helpful.
Kip Twitchell: To us, I think, in pushing ourselves to.
Kip Twitchell: to accomplish what we're trying to.
Kip Twitchell: Do there's value.
In our.
Kip Twitchell: In our there would be.
Kip Twitchell: There would be bragging rights for us to be one of the fastest to get to project for omb.
Kip Twitchell: We have enough capability.
Kip Twitchell: We have a great enough team, we have a substantial set of things that we should be able to do that.
Kip Twitchell: You know we're not Jerry edge and working by himself, we have a very good team.
So.
Randall Ness: I.
Kip Twitchell: I propose that we continue to push.
Randall Ness: This hard and look for.
Kip Twitchell: Seeing if we can do that the first of April.
Ian: One of the.
Ian: One of the things I think we need and Andre and I talked about this is some.
Ian: way of getting visualization on the state of the project currently that some jira can ban board or or whatever.
Ian: Even a spreadsheet.
would be good.
Ian: randall I can hear chuckling chuckling in the background, even if he's on mute.
Ian: yeah, no, no.
Andrea Orth: master I had to get in get that in there.
yeah I know.
Ian: spreadsheets but.
Ian: We need something that if somebody turns up.
Randall Ness: and has a look.
Ian: You can see, this is the state of the project.
Ian: This is what they.
Ian: are working on.
Ian: This is where they intend to do it by this is the, these are the chunks that need to be addressed and the chunks may well be improved.
Randall Ness: documentation get the.
Ian: Continuous integration process working all the bits and pieces that all there, we need to be able to see for ourselves, not even externally.
Randall Ness: and
Ian: be able to see all those.
Ian: Things and then somebody comes along and says, well, I can help with that because I know about that bit.
Randall Ness: But, but that.
Randall Ness: does not exist at the moment.
Kip Twitchell: Now I think that's good, and then we.
Randall Ness: can be.
Kip Twitchell: More we can.
Kip Twitchell: Increase in tighten up those pieces as well.
Randall Ness: that's a good.
Kip Twitchell: addition as well, so that the major areas i've.
Kip Twitchell: noted here right is documentation.
Kip Twitchell: Is a.
Kip Twitchell: way of DEMO system of some sort that somebody.
Kip Twitchell: Can download and use.
Kip Twitchell: Right.
Kip Twitchell: We have to have code out there and ability to get to executable files and we need a better project status, for you know, and I was doing that already as part of our good first issues and tightening our issue management documentation those kinds of things.
Kip Twitchell: So.
Kip Twitchell: I think those are all good points, I appreciate the honesty and the energy we've got in the discussion here.
Kip Twitchell: We have gone over we started late i'm loath to go too much longer unless there's some topic we do need to discuss and we haven't yet.
Kip Twitchell: And maybe i'm sensing or ready to adjourn and get on with the work.
GillianHannington: What about the.
Randall Ness: Infrastructure meeting to follow.
Randall Ness: That would be fine.
Kip Twitchell: yep that's good to to continue that.
GillianHannington: So I was in did you do you want to talk about what was that talked about off.
GillianHannington: meeting about the.
GillianHannington: what's it called again gatsby did you want to talk about that, or we can do that another time.
Ian: I think we've got time for yeah.
Ian: I did send an invite site to a bunch of people to join the project.
Ian: and get it running I know Jill.
got it running on her machine.
Ian: try and get it running.
Ian: Neil I didn't send you a link, but I can send you a link.
Thanks.
Ian: yeah follow follow the instructions and hopefully you'll get a website that you can play with and as an example.
Ian: got to be documentation.
Kip Twitchell: Okay that's it for me, then, for our formal tlc.
Kip Twitchell: On the on the infrastructure meeting randall does this go to Bob go to you what's our what's our host for the infrastructure meeting.
bobmcCormack: I am.
Randall Ness: Well, Bob over to you then.
Randall Ness: i'll bring up my invite where the hell is it.
bobmcCormack: We discussed much the points anyway in the previous discussion.
Randall Ness: pull up.
bobmcCormack: Okay, and talked about the Apache right that's good work and also we use it to add the Apache license we've been playing around with SA estes even on the older stuff so that's fine and we'll move.
Kip Twitchell: On and i'll see I imagine i'm i'm not feeling still so well so i'm going to drop off and.
bobmcCormack: I can't okay yep Okay, we haven't got much to go the ci badges 98% and we've got a bug their song have to raise an issue on that give us to the 99 200.
bobmcCormack: The documentation, I see that we have a Doc requires good.
bobmcCormack: passwords storage that's a closed issue now.
planning.
bobmcCormack: As I mentioned earlier that we've got a bash script for the p stuff and that bash script randall can also be run by.
bobmcCormack: bill forge so rather than a manual implementation it.
bobmcCormack: could be pushed out by your.
bobmcCormack: bill forge to automate.
bobmcCormack: Internal processing.
Randall Ness: The.
Randall Ness: P i'm updating it.
bobmcCormack: For the Apache to zero licenses to be complicated in the sense that we've got a drop the IBM stuff at the Apache get the right.
bobmcCormack: Copyright year also it slightly different for macros and assemble and kobo and then we've got to do all the culling, as we saw yesterday with that peyton string slack know chains is ED trial well that was.
bobmcCormack: previously done.
bobmcCormack: No feedback on the party access for.
Randall Ness: kip.
bobmcCormack: For the SP 12 access.
bobmcCormack: Sorry freeze ssh tunnel issue, the party access is now working.
bobmcCormack: So that's it for the infrastructure side of the House, do I have any questions, please.
bobmcCormack: Good for me.
Randall Ness: Questions you randall i'm.
bobmcCormack: Given that way again to go another month.
bobmcCormack: Do you want the a X mid form of the Mr naughty one module placed in the github.
Well let's see.
Randall Ness: That would be nice, I mean we've talked before about having executable forms of these sorts of things and.
Randall Ness: You were saying, well, it didn't really belong in in github yeah i've been searching around it seems like there is some precedent for this I guess i'd like to figure out the right way to do this yeah i've heard about having like released repos in github and.
Randall Ness: i'd like to find out what the standard is I don't wanna I don't want to do anything out of the ordinary but yeah I think I you know before.
Randall Ness: I was thinking that the way to do this would be to have a Pax file because that's what soil was doing, but then occurred to me that it made sense for Zoe to have a pack file because they're all USS based.
Randall Ness: But we're not so I think it is appropriate to have an x empty file, instead, which would be more of a normal way to pass.
Randall Ness: back and forth on the on the MPs side of the House, rather than USS side of the House so yeah I think that's the right technique, I just want to make sure that we put it in the right spot on github.
Randall Ness: Okay, fair enough, they might let you ponder that but i've developed the process to produce and deliver.
bobmcCormack: and await your decision, where, to put it.
Okay.
Randall Ness: i'd like i'd like to assign that to somebody else but I don't really quite know boom Oh well, i'll leave it leave it with me then.
bobmcCormack: Right all to have a hunt around, and it must probably go in the p is a partially.
bobmcCormack: A partial lamb.
bobmcCormack: Release executable so i'll develop something get back to you, and if you're happy we'll do it.
Randall Ness: sounds good good bye bye.
bobmcCormack: Okay they've been no more questions the infrastructure.
bobmcCormack: Meeting now is adjourned, thank you, everybody for your attendance.
Randall Ness: Thank you Jay.
Neil Beesley: Jay thanks.
bye.
Randall Ness: bye.